index.md, before:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="Images/Amal_picture.png" alt="Picture of Amal"></td>
  
  <td>
    <h1> Amal Kaduwela </h1>
    <em>Second Year Student at UCSD studying Computer Engineering</em>
  </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<br>

## All Sections
  - [Favorite Video Games](#favorite-video-games)
  - [Favorite Sorting Algorithm: `Bogosort()`](#favorite-sorting-algorithm:-`Bogosort()`)
  - [Life Goals](#life-goals)
  - [A good GIF](#a-good-gif)
  - [Favorite Quote](#favorite-quote)

## Favorite Video Games
  - Rainbow Six: Siege
  - Escape From Tarkov
  - Call of Duty: Modern Warfare

## Favorite Sorting Algorithm: `Bogosort()`:

```
void bogosort(int a[], int n)
{
    // if array is not sorted then shuffle
    // the array again
    while ( !isSorted(a, n) )
        shuffle(a, n);
}
```

## Life Goals
- [X] Go To College
- [X] Complete this Lab
- [ ] Buy a [Tesla](https://www.tesla.com/)

## A good GIF
[Cat Jam GIF](Images/tenor.gif)

## Favorite Quote 
>***“You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take – Wayne Gretzky" – Michael Scott***

Commit message:

Added gid.md + changed code from html to md

index.md, after:

![Amal](Images/Amal_picture.png)
  
  # Amal Kaduwela 
  *Second Year Student at UCSD studying Computer Engineering and minoring in Physics*

<br>

## All Sections
  - [Favorite Video Games](#favorite-video-games)
  - [Favorite Sorting Algorithm: `Bogosort()`](#favorite-sorting-algorithm:-`Bogosort()`)
  - [Goals](#goals)
  - [A good GIF](#a-good-gif)
  - [Familiarity with Coding Languages](#familiarity-with-coding-languages)
  - [Favorite Quote](#favorite-quote)

## Favorite Video Games
  - Rainbow Six: Siege
  - Escape From Tarkov
  - Call of Duty: Modern Warfare

## Favorite Sorting Algorithm: `Bogosort()`:

```
void bogosort(int a[], int n)
{
    // if array is not sorted then shuffle
    // the array again
    while ( !isSorted(a, n) )
        shuffle(a, n);
}
```

## Goals
- [X] Complete this Lab
- [X] Make Dinner
- [ ] Buy a [Tesla](https://www.tesla.com/)

## A good GIF
[Cat Jam GIF link](gif.md)

## Familiarity with Coding Languages 
##### (In Order From Most Familiar to Least)
  1. Java
  2. Python
  3. C/C++
  4. HTML

## Favorite Quote 
>***“You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take – Wayne Gretzky" – Michael Scott***
